The Software
------------

Make the synthesis engine more efficient.

Start designing a GUI with gtk+ or Qt.

Figure out how a scripting language such as Python
could be used to provide better encapsulation for
Tao without slowing down what is already a very
computationally expensive technique. This would
require replacing Tao's current method of executing
a script i.e. Tao script -> C++ program -> Link
with libtao -> Executable -> Launch, with scripts
which were truly interpreted. The biggest problem
here is in still being able to express model-rate
interactions between instuments and devices. One
solution might be to allow expressions to be
implemented on the fly as efficient signal flow
networks as in Csound until no longer needed at which
point they would be dismantled.

Design table generator/reader classes.

Encapsulation
    o Instruments (constructed from re-usable
      components).
    o Performance Techniques (parametric 
      algorithms for re-use within a score).

Develop self-tests for configuration and installation
including Tao scripts which test every feature for
correct operation.

Improve syntax and run-time error handling. At the
moment, many script errors just lead to an unhelpful
'Parse failed' message. Compilation errors generated
by g++ could be parsed and used to give the user
more feedback about where an error occurred in
the original script.


The Documentation
-----------------

Take all example scripts in User Manual and put them
in the examples directory, sensibly named.

Remove Dependencies document and either put everything
in it into the User Manual, or take all the installation
instructions out of the User Manual and put them into
a separate Install Guide. Probably best to put everything
into one document.

Tidy up typographical conventions used. Things are a bit
of a mess at the moment. This needs to be coordinated
with LaTeX macros for index entries, most of which also
format their arguments in some way both in the main
text and index.

Re-write old sections such as 'Information Needed
to Create an Instrument'.


Tutorial
--------

Write a set of useful tutorial scripts and document
them in the tutorial section of the User Manual.